docs: Scrub documentation for Release 0.4.0 (#1053)
bpfman/bpfman: docs/getting-started/building-bpfman.md

* **BPF Perf Link:** Support BPF perf link for tracing programs (Tracepoint, Uprobe and Kprobe)
  which enables pinning for these program types.
  Introduced in Kernel 5.15.
* **Relaxed CAP_BPF Requirement:** Prior to Kernel 5.19, all eBPF system calls required CAP_BPF.
  This meant eBPF enabled applications which need to access their eBPF maps shared needed to have
  the CAP_BPF Linux capability.

>   With the kernel 5.19 change, CAP_BPF is only required for load and unload requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This required userspace programs that wanted to access eBPF maps to have the CAP_BPF Linux capability.
```

Author: I think you wanted the previous sentence reworked.
```
-  This meant eBPF enabled applications which need to access their eBPF maps shared needed to have the CAP_BPF Linux capability.
+  This required userspace programs that wanted to access eBPF maps to have the CAP_BPF Linux capability.
```
That's what I changed.

> * **Relaxed CAP_BPF Requirement:** Prior to Kernel 5.19, all eBPF sys calls required CAP_BPF.
>   This required userspace programs that wanted to access maps shared between the BFP program and the
>   userspace program to have the CAP_BPF Linux capability.
>   With the kernel 5.19 change, CAP_BPF is only required for load and unload requests.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Relaxed CAP_BPF Requirement:** Prior to Kernel 5.19, all eBPF system calls required CAP_BPF.
  This meant eBPF enabled applications which need to access their eBPF maps needed to have the CAP_BPF Linux capability.
  With the kernel 5.19 change, CAP_BPF is only required for load and unload requests.

```

Author: Done

> ## Clone the bpfman Repo

Reviewer: Again I think the moment we get to "clone the repo" this is getting into developer territory

Most people will show up, glance and the first page of the docs and want to run it locally, the Getting started section should have explicity that, i.e fetch the binary from a release payload and run it

Anything beyond that makes sense to still have but I think its developer docs.

> You can build and run bpfman from anywhere. However, if you plan to make changes to the bpfman

Reviewer: All this is dev stuff
